README.md, before:

# simple-template
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/hrfee/simple-template.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hrfee/simple-template)

simple templater for templates written by an end user. see godoc for more info.

## todo

- [x] Implement else/else if
- [ ] Duplicate implementation in Typescript

## rough perf comparison

just for fun, not scientific. by suffix:
* "": This library
* "Old": Old version (-tags oldimpl)
* "BuiltinOnDemand": text/template with equivalent logic, template compile time included (-tags comparebuiltin)
* "BuiltinPrecompiled": text/template with equivalent logic, template compile time excluded (-tags comparebuiltin)
```
```
goos: linux
goarch: amd64
pkg: github.com/hrfee/simple-template
cpu: Intel(R) Core(TM) Ultra 9 185H
BenchmarkBlankTemplateBuiltinOnDemand-22          	1017019	     1169 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrueBuiltinOnDemand-22        	 193219	     6022 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalseBuiltinOnDemand-22       	 190468	     6045 ns/op
BenchmarkBlankTemplateBuiltinPrecompiled-22       	10806879	      105.6 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrueBuiltinPrecompiled-22     	 925048	     1081 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalseBuiltinPrecompiled-22    	 743378	     1389 ns/op
BenchmarkBlankTemplateOld-22                      	8661529	      138.0 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrueOld-22                    	1698522	      706.5 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalseOld-22                   	3465555	      343.9 ns/op
BenchmarkBlankTemplate-22                         	4308925	      285.0 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrue-22                       	1549011	      765.8 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalse-22                      	2028720	      595.1 ns/op
PASS
ok  	github.com/hrfee/simple-template	13.895s
```

Commit message:

add typescript version
also, handle errors both times t.process() is called

README.md, after:

# simple-template
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/hrfee/simple-template.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hrfee/simple-template) ![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/%40hrfee%2Fsimple-template)
simple templater for templates written by an end user, implemented in both go and typescript. see godoc for more info.
typescript implementation is as close as possible to the go version, and as such the godoc should apply almost entirely.
tests are written in go, and cover the go version, the old go version, and the typescript version (through a wrapper script).

## go
```shell
$ go get github.com/hrfee/simple-template@latest
```
## typescript
```
$ npm i @hrfee/simpletemplate
```

## rough perf comparison (go version)
just for fun, not scientific. by suffix:
* "": This library
* "Old": Old version (-tags oldimpl)
* "BuiltinOnDemand": text/template with equivalent logic, template compile time included (-tags comparebuiltin)
* "BuiltinPrecompiled": text/template with equivalent logic, template compile time excluded (-tags comparebuiltin)

```
goos: linux
goarch: amd64
pkg: github.com/hrfee/simple-template
cpu: Intel(R) Core(TM) Ultra 9 185H
BenchmarkBlankTemplateBuiltinOnDemand-22          	1017019	     1169 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrueBuiltinOnDemand-22        	 193219	     6022 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalseBuiltinOnDemand-22       	 190468	     6045 ns/op
BenchmarkBlankTemplateBuiltinPrecompiled-22       	10806879	      105.6 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrueBuiltinPrecompiled-22     	 925048	     1081 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalseBuiltinPrecompiled-22    	 743378	     1389 ns/op
BenchmarkBlankTemplateOld-22                      	8661529	      138.0 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrueOld-22                    	1698522	      706.5 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalseOld-22                   	3465555	      343.9 ns/op
BenchmarkBlankTemplate-22                         	4308925	      285.0 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalTrue-22                       	1549011	      765.8 ns/op
BenchmarkConditionalFalse-22                      	2028720	      595.1 ns/op
PASS
ok  	github.com/hrfee/simple-template	13.895s
```
